how many of you have heard of dr. Emoto
we talked about hidden messages and
water yeah a lot of you good okay so dr.
Emoto for those of you who don't know he
did an interesting experiment and he
took plain old tap water and what he did
was he froze it then he took it and he
put it under a microscope and he took a
picture of the molecules of water and
when it was frozen just plain tap water
the molecules like something like this
so there was really no shape to it
there's no you no you no no crystalline
structure to it or anything like that
then he took other bottles of water and
what he did was he put different words
on it like so for instance he did one
that was lovin thanks and on this bottle
of water with lemon thanks he took a
photo again after it was frozen and the
crystalline structure showed up so there
was a form to it so he saw that with
intention he also prayed over the the
bottles with intention you can change
your environment he did another one
that's really interesting I hate you you
make me sick I there's a there's that I
was watching this reality TV show one
time and this chick kept saying oh
that's so sick and I'm that's so sick
and I'm going oh my god what are you
doing to your body your body's made up
seventy percent water right so she's
going oh that made me suck I'm like okay
interesting projection then he did an
energy of joy that's joy joy is one of
the higher frequencies that we can go
you fool so how many of how many
judgments do we do inside our own cells
where we say you know we call ourselves
little names in her Henry go what are
you thinking you're so stupid right so
that's the energy that you're putting in
your body gratitude it's gorgeous
gratitude is an interesting energy what
I noticed when people do gratitude
statements and they're deeply
appreciative and grateful for for
something
literally a vortex of energy occurs
around people so the swirly like really
cool space opens that allows for new
stuff to come in so gratitudes are
really cool frequency to you